It was a silent winter. Nothing but the sound of falling snowflakes filled the crisp, glacial air. Being less up north than most of Japan, snow was a rare oddity here, and so the people of Oyamazaki were well-entranced by the sight of dancing snow twirling and flitting along a gentle breeze. The sub-zero temperatures that accompanied it, however, kept them shut in their homes and looking through their windows.

As I neared the side of Chofukuji Temple, I stopped to make a quick bow to the rows of headstones lining the inner field before meandering into a small alleyway to the right of it. Shuffling my feet as I ambled along the narrow pathway, I quickly reached the end of the short alleyway and sighed as I let out a puff of white vapour, disappointed as to what little my meaningless adventure had yielded.

Sitting down on the side of the alleyway, dejected, I leaned against the crooked walls surrounding me and hugged my legs, rocking myself back and forth. The snow-stained concrete bit into my skin as I lay on it, snapping me out of my dreary stupor as it ebbed and flowed. Uncomfortable as it was, I found shelter in its company.

As the skin draped across my back grew numb to the prickles of the cold, I slid further and further back along the grooves of the walls as I swayed. Tilting my head to stare at the sky, I felt my gaze meander past the gossamer strands of welkin silk. The dusk canvas was varnished with a coat of opalescent purple, scilintating and sparkling with spots of white from the snow and stars. Holding my gaze, I felt my legs slip from my hands and thump onto the ground.I could barely keep my eyes open under the weight of the snow that had crusted atop them. My vision hazy with a dour shade of grey; my ears buzzing with sleep's siren song.

How long has it been since I last ate? My lips were dry and chaffed, my feet were bruised and swollen, while my stomach ached and wailed. Yet, I couldn't find the heart to care. I found myself no longer taut against the crevices of the wall, but on the ground, bruised like a reed. I blinked.

As my breath fluttered listlessly through the air, I watched as the cottony puffs in the sky tumbled and rolled from the crack in my lips. Though the cold pierced my dry eyes, I dared not to close them.

From the way I came, I heard muffled footsteps shuffling in the shadows. I held my gaze as they grew louder, not sparing a glance. Soon, I found before me the temple priest’s son, standing as his innocent, glistening eyes stared into mine, bloodshot and dull. Bending down, he sat himself next to me, pausing for a brief moment before he spoke.

	"Nii-san, it's pretty isn't it?"

	Silence was my reply.

	"The snow," He giggled. "I've only seen it snow one other time."

	""

	"I like it. It's pretty."

	""

	"Are you tired?" He asked, pressing against my body.

	"Don't you have to go home?"

	We shared a second of silence before the flick of a switch called him to attention.

	"It's been nice talking to you! But I have to go soon."

	The sky turned black, shuttering its doors. Only the light from the nearby streetlamp was left visible in my sight.

	"... Fine. I'll stay a little longer."

	""

	"Are you thirsty?" He asked again.

	I could barely even feel the snow as it melted on my eyes.

	"I got this for you," Said the boy, wedging a bottle of cold ramune between my fingers. "It's my favourite drink."

	""

	"Well, I've really got to go now. My dad's calling me."

	Don't go.

	"Good night, nii-san. Have a good rest."

	His tender fingers brushed against my eyelids, pulling them shut.

The next morning, they did not open.
