AI has had lots of eyes on it over the past few years, each with their own thoughts on its place in our world. Some think that AI should have no place in it, while others think that AI stands to bring much good to the rest of the world. It is not easy to say who is right off the bat, at least without first a look at the points that each of them have to say.

One common fear that people have is that AI will take over their jobs and replace them. They worry that with how good AI models seem to be getting, there will not be any reason for their bosses to keep them around any longer since the models are cheaper, better, and faster than them. This then broods a level of distrust towards bodies and parties involved in the training of AI models, which appear to be acts of malice against them.

With media portrayals telling stories of sentient AIs going rogue, other people fear the potential for AIs to do more harm than good, worrying that the rapid growth in models' capacities will lead to a dystopian future. This fear is not completely irrational, given that the very real threat of deepfake fraud is already prevalent in the current age, with more to come. Knowing this, it is only natural for people to be hesitant in supporting progress towards AI.

Another concern that people might have is with the issue of ethics; particularly with the curation of training data, along with the potential avenues for misuse that might avail themselves owing to the advent of newer and newer types of AI models every passing day. Together with pervasive fear-mongering, augering messages of doom and gloom prevalent across a plenitude of media platforms, people have come to relate their feelings of fear and dissent towards the AI models themselves and not the malicious actors who abuse AI technology.

Nonetheless, there are innumerable cogent arguments that present contrariwise points in defence of AI, with the aim of explicating certain points of uncertainty, and expostulating against factitious, sensationalised opposition. Notwithstanding that although some of the aforementioned arguments stand veracious and in good faith, many others seek solely to promulgate spurious claims vociferously, positing with questionable veracity and lacklustre efforts of substantiation, with the sole aim of garnering attention by sowing discord in the community.
